>> Evan You: Our exercise is gonna
leverage these knowledge and
write a simple plugin.
Let's go into the repository.
We can close the first directory now and
go into Plugin,
and go into [INAUDIBLE]
>> Evan You: [COUGH] And
our goal is to create
a plugin that teaches Vue
components to handle
a custom rules option.
The rules option expects an object
that specifies validation rules for
data in the component.
>> Evan You: So notice this usage example.
This rules option doesn't
exist in Vue's own API.
It's completely custom.
If you just add this to
a vanilla Vue component,
it doesn't do anything,
Vue will just ignore it.
But it doesn't complain about it.
But if inside this
component's created hook, and
you try to do this.$options.rules,
you actually get this object here.
Right?
So, this provides us with
an interesting opportunity
to do things to [INAUDIBLE]
Based on this custom option.
And understand, we don't want the
consumers of our plugin to always have to
manually create this hook in
order to access this thing.
So, we can abstract this
away inside of Mixin.
Right?
So, const myMixin equals this.
And what we can do is,
inside this mixing we can check for
the existence of this custom rule.
>> Evan You: If this rule exists,
we can do something about it.
>> Evan You: Right?
And going further,
if we apply this mixing globally.
>> Evan You: We've essentially taught
every Vue instance how to deal
with this custom rules option, all right?
And going one step further, if we
take this global mixing operation and
put it inside a plugin
>> Evan You: So
view plug-ins can be just a function.
So the simplest form is just this.
>> Evan You: Okay, so sometimes your
plug-in can Can also take the more verbose
object formats,
which exposes the install function.
>> Evan You: This is essentially the same
thing, just alternative interface.
Okay, so this is how we This is
the boil plate for creating a plugin.
When you call view, don't use this plugin.
It'll apply this global mixing which
will teach every view instance created
after that point, they will invoke this
creative hook when they're created, And
then we'll execute our code of checking
for this custom rules option, okay?
So, the exercise wants us to implement
the plug-in that knows how to handle this.
Okay.
So the end effect is, if we provide these
rules, so the rules are essentially saying
for the property full Which is here.
We will have a validator function.
This validator function will
be run every time foo changes.
And if it doesn't,
it fails the validation,
we'll log this message to the console,
okay?
>> Evan You: And essentially What
you need to fill in is this part.
>> Evan You: And
there are some hints at the end too.